#summary Meeting notes from 1/25/08

= Notes =

 * Question about the word "offer".
 * "Don't offer" remembers what you had in the last round but doesn't preform an incorrect calculation.
 * Forms should have some percentage of completion.
 * Add a note to the experiment page asking users to answer questions.

 * "Insufficient X" is a poor message, and should not adjust the value.
 * Two buttons are grayed out; Coye made an offer, viewed the offer, counter offered, "Round" and "Counter" are grayed out.

 * Never force someone to have to exchange.
 * Tell the user how many points they will have if they cheat

= Judd's Notes =

 * in later version, static text pages should allow for inclusion of variables, for example the player name assigned to you
 * In reciprocal exchange, if you try to enter more than the maximum X or Y allowed to give in a single round, it should revert to blank instead of defaulting to the maximum. (e.g. if you put in 99Xs, it shows an error message and auto. switches the value to 50Xs)
 * bug: displays old offer from last trial, even though the calculated points are correct
 * Practice rounds of exchange: Participants will need to go through a practice round of exchange. No need for a new feature, we will just adopt a naming convention for exchange rounds that are practice. (Names will begin with PRAC)
 * Include practice questionnaire as well.
 * Instead of 'insufficent X', 'You don't have enough X.'
 * state issue: Coye made an offer, I viewed it, counter and end round are greyed out, accept is only option.
 * in experimenter view, last element of the experiment did not flip its status to 'Done.', even though the experiment completed.


= Questions =
 * We would like to carry over the bank balance between a round of reciprocal exchange and a round of negotiated exchange that follows. If we have a practice round of neg. in between, can we have it use a different bank, then return to the correct one for the real round of neg. exch.?
 * Is there an preference where you can set the starting value of the bank?
 * Can we put text at the top of the questionnaire?